I've seen a lot of girls like you
You bumped into me at the school gate just now, didn't you?
Tian Weiwei, I have read your information.
I know you are a poor special enrollment student
But that's not a reason for your poor character
Yeah, Mom.
I said, how does he get to my exclusive music classroom?
It turned out that he was trying to seduce my brother
Hey, don't talk nonsense.
He's not who I thought he was
I'll tell you the sky
A girl like you
You can never enter the door of our Gu family
Just break this idea, right?
Put his international director in each design
To actually hand over such educated capital
They keep holding it.
Mom, look what he said about our mom
Your school has this kind of fairness
What will you be bullied by every day in the future?
Why don't you just fire it?
The principal withdraws Tian Wei from school
Such a student
I don't deserve to be at Qingya Conservatory of Music
I don't deserve to be a singer
Fortunately, I have my mother and brother to protect me.
My brother will always protect you.
Why is this music so familiar?